==== Overview

Some merchants offer "products" like expedited shipping, shipping
insurance, or other auxiliary services to customers that don't need to
be highlighted in marketing content. Read on to learn how to exclude
these products from your Sendlane account!

==== In this guide

* link:#what[What does "exclude" mean?]
* link:#how[Exclude a Product in Your eCommerce Store]

'''''

[[what]]
===== ðŸ™‹ What does "exclude" mean?

When products are excluded using the method outlined below, the product
will not appear anywhere in Sendlane. Products with the tag will not
appear in product blocks, abandoned product blocks, review request
blocks, testimonial blocks, segments, conditional splits, or product
related automation triggers.

It is not possible to only exclude a product from abandoned product
blocks or any other specific area of Sendlane.

Excluded products will still count towards
https://help.sendlane.com/article/542-how-sendlane-attributes-revenue-to-email-and-sms[attributed
revenue].

[[how]]
=== Exclude a product from Sendlane

Products are excluded from Sendlane by adding a tag to the product in
your eCommerce store. To exclude a product from appearing in your
Sendlane account:

[cols=",",]
|===
|*Platform Documentation* |*Notes*

|https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/shopify-admin/productivity-tools/using-tags[Shopify]
|Create a tag namedÂ  `+sl-exclude+`, then add the tag to any product you
want to exclude from Sendlane

|https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Custom-Fields?language=en_US[BigCommerce]
|Create a custom field and set the Custom Field Name and Custom Field
Value to `+sl-exclude+`, then add the custom field to any product you
want to exclude from Sendlane. If desired, use the solution provided
https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/question/0D51B000046KIdjSAG/how-to-hide-custom-fields-from-the-product-page-on-the-site?language=en_US[here]
to hide the custom field from the product page, but note that using this
method will hide all custom fields.
|===

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

[[added-tag]]
====== I added the tag, but my product is still appearing!

If you just added the tag, check back in roughly one hour. If it's been
more than one hour since you added the tag, ensure that the tag reads
exactly asÂ  `+sl-exclude+`. Any typos or variations
ofÂ `+sl-exclude+`Â will not work, and products will still appear in
Sendlane.

[[areas]]
====== How do I exclude the product from one area of Sendlane but not another?

It is not possible to only exclude a product from abandoned product
blocks or any other specific area of Sendlane.
