Enterprise-level sales are often the biggest moneymakers for businesses.
This is exactly why it's so important to have a retargeting strategy for
enterprise sales page visitors - so you can nurture these leads with a
personalized touch from your sales team!

By tracking the behavior of site visitors, you can easily trigger an
automation to notify your sales team anytime a contact visits your
enterprise sales page, or any page you'd like!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Before you begin, please be sure that you've
https://help.sendlane.com/article/72-beacon[installed Beacon on your
website]. During that process, you should also
https://help.sendlane.com/article/72-beacon#event-tracking[set up
an Event to track] using the URL of your enterprise sales page.

====== Please Note

In order for Beacon to begin tracking the behavior of your audience,
contacts first need to opt-in to your account. Once they open a campaign
that leads them back to your website, their behavior will be tracked
accordingly and available within their customer profile!

'''''

=== Setting up your Automation

. Begin by heading to *_Automations_ → **_New Automation_*
. From here select *_Start From Scratch_* and name your automation
. Select the **_Event Triggered _**action for retargeting 
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7b84cedfd001610cbdf/file-dgnNN0gBua.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7b84cedfd001610cbdf/file-dgnNN0gBua]
. Select the event you previously created that is linked to a site visit
. Next, add a *_Send Message_* action and choose
*_Notification image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7cecff47e00160b9cce/file-PBPyUxblBI.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7cecff47e00160b9cce/file-PBPyUxblBI]_*
. Fill in the details to send an internal notification to your sales
team that a lead might be interested in your enterprise product, service
or offer so they can reach out personally to nurture the lead, answer
any questions they may have, make the sale! 
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7e44cedfd00165b0376/file-xzO5k8oVPq.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5faee7e44cedfd00165b0376/file-xzO5k8oVPq]
. From here, you may want to
https://help.sendlane.com/article/82-tags#automation[add a tag] to
enterprise sales leads, or
https://help.sendlane.com/article/73-automations#communications[send an
email] with calendar link to schedule a sales demo or meeting, while
your sales team reaches out over the phone. You can add any other
actions, communications or goals you'd like, based on your sales funnel
and flow!
. Once you've completed your automation be sure to set the funnel
from _Inactive_ to *_Active_*
+
*_image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee258aa2c7d3a10cba8c537/file-NNSNQ7H5f4.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee258aa2c7d3a10cba8c537/file-NNSNQ7H5f4]_*

And that's it! Now your sales team will get notified anytime a potential
lead visits your enterprise sales page
