Website tracking is one of the very best ways to gather data about the
behavior of your audience.Â By tracking the behavior of site visitors,
you can easily trigger an
https://help.sendlane.com/article/73-automations[Automation] to follow
up with every contact via email, and encourage them to convert!

[[bgs]]
===== ðŸš¦ Before Getting Started

https://help.sendlane.com/article/72-beacon[Install Beacon] on your
store's website

https://help.sendlane.com/article/72-beacon#event-tracking[Create Beacon
events] for each product you'd like to use as a browse retarget

[[what-is-beacon]]
=== 

[[how]]
===== ðŸ™‹ How Does the Beacon Pixel Work?

Sendlaneâ€™s Beacon tracking pixel collects information about your
Contacts' pageview and purchase activity.Â For the pixel to begin
tracking, the viewer must opt into your marketing emails and then open
an email from you. The Beacon tracking pixel cannot identify anonymous
viewers.

Once tracking begins, please allow up to 24 hours for reporting to
populate accurately

1::
  Head to the https://app.sendlane.com/beacon[Beacon tab of your Account
  page], clickÂ *Create Event*Â >Â Enter
  aÂ *Name*Â andÂ *Description*Â >Â *Save*Â >Â *Code icon*Â >Â *Copy Code*.Â Paste
  the script into the header of any page you want to use to trigger your
  Automation
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/62a2299ba2c316231c20488d/file-M8R4vfuA8e.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/62a2299ba2c316231c20488d/file-M8R4vfuA8e]

2::
  https://help.sendlane.com/article/73-automations#create[Create an
  Automation] using an
  https://help.sendlane.com/article/448-automation-triggers#standard[Event
  Triggered trigger] and select the event(s) you've created for your
  product page(s)
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387bcb9f4bebb295ed7b8b9/file-xQBA3dRRWt.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387bcb9f4bebb295ed7b8b9/file-xQBA3dRRWt]
  +
  Add an email node to your Automation, then in the Content tab of the
  email builder, click or drag an abandoned cart block where you'd like
  your product information to appear. Only one abandoned cart block is
  allowed per email.
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6393a51fd157d3747b2d86c5/file-99LGeO0C6O.jpg[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6393a51fd157d3747b2d86c5/file-99LGeO0C6O]
  +
  Continue building your Automation by adding other
  https://help.sendlane.com/article/73-automations#communications[actions
  and communications]. Depending on your marketing goals and objectives
  are, we recommend sending three emails over the next three days to
  encourage contacts to come back and visit your website!

3::
  Add a Goal node at the end of your Automation to check whether
  Contacts made a purchase in your store:
  +
  . *Goal Name*Â Enter a descriptive name for your Goal
  . *Conditions*Â Select conditions to trigger your Goal
  . *Go to this action if goal is reached*Â Select a step in your
  Automation to send Contacts to when they meet your Goal's conditions
  . *If goal is not met*Â Select an option for Contacts who have not met
  your Goal
  .. *Continue* means the Contact will proceed to the next node in the
  Automation
  .. *Wait* means the Contact will wait at this step indefinitely until
  the goal is reached
  .. EndÂ means the Goal will keep checking for met conditions until the
  max time has passed
  . *Max time to check for conditions*Â Select a length of time to check
  for conditionsÂ 
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387bfa3f4bebb295ed7b8c1/file-3RzqnMtYUw.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387bfa3f4bebb295ed7b8c1/file-3RzqnMtYUw]
  +
  Once you have completed your Automation, be sure to activate it!
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387c0845ccf77301bc55748/file-pdyOzkMQhL.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6387c0845ccf77301bc55748/file-pdyOzkMQhL]

=== Troubleshooting

[[not-sending]]
====== My Automation is not sending to customers who have viewed my product!

Customers will only receive browse abandonment emails from your store
after:

. They have opted into marketing emails from you, AND
. They have clicked on a link in a marketing email from you

If your customer has opted in and clicked on at least one link, and
there is a Beacon event set up for the product that was viewed, please
reach out to your Customer Success Manager or our 24/7 Product Support
team for further troubleshooting assistance.

====== The abandoned cart block isn't available!

The abandoned cart block may not appear in your elements sidebar for two
common reasons:

. Your eCommerce integration is not set up correctly. Review your
eCommerce store's integration with Sendlane for possible connection
issues.
. You already added an abandoned cart block to your email. Only one
abandoned cart block is allowed per email.

[[not-firing]]
====== A Contact abandoned a product view and move through the Automation!

The most common reason Contacts who browse and do not move through your
browse abandonment Automation is that they are
https://help.sendlane.com/article/72-beacon#notes[browsing anonymously].
Tracking requires non-anonymous browsing in order to trigger the
Automation.
