https://app.joinbytext.com/register/starter[Join By Text] is a platform
that allows people to quickly and easily sign up for your email list
from their phones.

Integrating Join By Text and Sendlane enables you to funnel collected
emails directly to your Lists in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an
https://app.joinbytext.com/register/starter[active Join By Text account]
with a keyword created.

Please have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready as well. These can be found
in your Sendlane account under *_Account_* → _*API*._

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so LiveChat knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Join By Text and Sendlane

. From your home page in Join By Text, select *_setup an email
integration now_* +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca3060428634b855945ee/file-JHYolM0QHF.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca3060428634b855945ee/file-JHYolM0QHF]
. Select *_Sendlane_* from the list of
integrationsimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca4e82c7d3a6d82bd8564/file-Drbb4o2da5.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca4e82c7d3a6d82bd8564/file-Drbb4o2da5]
. Next, enter your Subdomain, API Key, Hash Key, and List ID # and click
*_Connect to Sendlane_* +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca6812c7d3a6d82bd8568/file-ji8IhRa3Lo.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca6812c7d3a6d82bd8568/file-ji8IhRa3Lo]
. You can now edit your Welcome response and Thank you response +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca9032c7d3a6d82bd856e/file-8LTWj1kGLW.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cdca9032c7d3a6d82bd856e/file-8LTWj1kGLW]
. Click *Update responses*

Your Integration is now complete! 

Emails collected by Join By Text will now be funneled directly to your
chosen List in Sendlane! 

'''''

=== *Troubleshooting*

This integration is native to Join By Text, so we're only able to
provide limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help,
the Join By Text team is just a few clicks away!

* mailto:mailto:support@joinbytext.com[Connect] with the Join By Text
team
* Visit the https://www.joinbytext.com/faqs/[Join By Text FAQs]

'''''

Additional Join By Text Resources

https://app.joinbytext.com/register/starter[Sign up for Join By Text] |
https://www.joinbytext.com/contact-us/[Contact Form] |
https://www.joinbytext.com/terms-of-use/[Terms of Use] |
https://app.joinbytext.com/register/starter[Get Started]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/integration-spotlight-join-by-text[Sendlane
+ Join By Text - Grow Your Email List Offline by SMS]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/sms-marketing-business-thrive[How
SMS Marketing Can Help YourBusiness Thrive ]

'''''

TL;DR

Join by Text home page →  _Setup an email integration now_ → Sendlane →
Enter Sendlane API Key, Hash Key, Subdomain & List ID# → __Connect to
Sendlane** **__→ Edit responses → Update responses
