https://www.joinit.org/sync/sendlane?utm_source=sendlane&utm_campaign=partnerships[Join
It] is an integrated membership management platform that helps your
organization effectively sell, track, and grow their membership.

By integrating Join It and Sendlane, users can automatically sync
different Member types directly to specified Lists in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an
https://www.joinit.org/sync/sendlane?utm_source=sendlane&utm_campaign=partnerships[active
account with Join It].

Please have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready as well. These can be found
in your Sendlane account under *_Account_* → *_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Join It knows where to place your
new members and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Join It and Sendlane

. From your Join It Dashboard, navigate to *_Automations_* and scroll to
and select *_Sendlane_*
. Enter your Sendlane API/Hash Keys as well as your Subdomain, then
click *_Connect
Sendlane_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d0939f404286318cac46843/file-kYQCtfEhvD.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d0939f404286318cac46843/file-kYQCtfEhvD]
. From the first dropdown menu, select which members you wish to be
synced with your List. From the second, select the List in Sendlane to
which they will go. Then click *_Create
Automation_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d093a7f2c7d3a1cad5b8582/file-bWa4d70dwZ.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d093a7f2c7d3a1cad5b8582/file-bWa4d70dwZ]

Your integration is now complete! 

Selected members will automatically be funneled into your chosen List in
Sendlane!

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to Join It, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you do need help, the Join
It team is just a few clicks away!

* Connect with the mailto:support@joinit.org[Join It team]
* Visit their http://support.joinit.org/[Help Center]

==== Additional Join It Resources

https://www.joinit.org/sync/sendlane?utm_source=sendlane&utm_campaign=partnerships[Sign
up for Join It] | https://www.joinit.org/blog[Blog]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/integration-spotlight-joinit[Sendlane
+ JoinIt - Create a Hassle-Free&#44; Automated Membership Program]

'''''

=== TL;DR

Integrating: Join It Dashboard → *_Automations_* → Sendlane→ Enter
API/Hash Keys, Subdomain → Select Member types and List → *_Create
Automation_*
