https://www.optinopoli.com/[optinopoli] is a customer acquisition
platform that enables you to capture leads through your website and
multiple content channels.

By integrating your optinopoli account with Sendlane, you can
effectively grow your email list by adding the contacts you capture
straight to a list in Sendlane.

'''''

==== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active
https://www.optinopoli.com/[optinopoli] account with your first lead
magnet created.

Please have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_ → **_API._*

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so optinopoli knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

'''''

==== Connecting optinopoli and Sendlane

. From your optinopoli account, click on the name of the lead magnet you
wish to connect +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1af2c7d3a177d6e9bbf/file-PwFDoRr2HF.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1af2c7d3a177d6e9bbf/file-PwFDoRr2HF]
. Click the *_Integrations_* tab and select *_Sendlane_* from the list
of available integrations
. Toggle the switch next to **_Automatically add new leads to selected
integrations _**to on +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1d904286306738ef409/file-r3aKH6dOYZ.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1d904286306738ef409/file-r3aKH6dOYZ] +
. Enter your API key, Hash key and Sendlane subdomain in the respective
field
. Click **_Authorize _**from the dropdown menu, choose the list you want
new contacts added to and then click *_Activate +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1ed2c7d3a177d6e9bc2/file-GZu8iGAV3Q.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd4e1ed2c7d3a177d6e9bc2/file-GZu8iGAV3Q]_*
. The popup will close and the integration button should now show
Sendlane as *_Active_* 

Your integration is now complete!

Captured contacts will now be automatically added to your chosen
Sendlane list.

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to optinopoli, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help, the
optinopoli team is just a few clicks away!

* Connect with the team via mailto:support@optinopoli.com[email]

'''''

==== Additional optinopoli Resources

==== 

Sign up for https://www.optinopoli.com/[optinopoli] |
https://www.optinopoli.com/start[Quick Start Tutorial] |
https://www.optinopoli.com/contact[Contact]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/converting-landing-pages[4 Design
Elements of Converting Landing Pages]

'''''

==== TL;DR

optinopoli → Lead Magnets → _Integrations_ → Select Sendlane → Enter
Sendlane API Key, Hash Key, Subdomain → Authorize → Select List  →
Activate
