https://www.fyrebox.com/?ref=2pLpjA8AZ[Fyrebox] is a quiz making
platform that allows you to create lead generation quizzes to install on
a website, landing page or blog.

Integrating Fyrebox and Sendlane enables you to seamlessly funnel
generated leads to your lists in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active
https://www.fyrebox.com/?ref=2pLpjA8AZ[Fyrebox account].

Please also have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_* → *_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Fyrebox knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Fyrebox and Sendlane

. From your Fyrebox homepage, select *_Create a Quiz_*, set your initial
preferences, and click
*_Createimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f3ef04286306738efc84/file-XKrjhVpi1D.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f3ef04286306738efc84/file-XKrjhVpi1D]_*
. You will be directed to the quiz editor. Scroll down until you see
Integrations and select *_ADD AN
APPLICATIONimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f92a2c7d3a177d6ea4ce/file-0HmCNZkT9L.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f92a2c7d3a177d6ea4ce/file-0HmCNZkT9L]_*
. Scroll down until you reach Sendlane. After entering your Sendlane API
Key, Hash & Subdomain,
click *_TEST_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f6d804286306738efc9b/file-dXxEsWfqON.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f6d804286306738efc9b/file-dXxEsWfqON]
. A check mark will appear next to the *_TEST_* button if inputted
correctly. Click the *_PREVIOUS: CONTENT_* button at the bottom of the
page
. Scroll down again to Integrations and toggle the Sendlane logo to
*_YES_*. This will connect your quiz to Sendlane +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f99604286306738efca9/file-oambfwDQfW.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cd5f99604286306738efca9/file-oambfwDQfW]
. Select the list to which your contacts will be funneled

Your integration is complete! 

Leads from your quiz will automatically be added to your chosen List in
Sendlane!

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

****This integration is native to Fyrebox, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help, the
Fyrebox team is just a few clicks away!

* Contact the mailto:support@fyrebox.com[Fyrebox team]
* Visit the https://www.fyrebox.guru/[Fyrebox Help Guru Page]

'''''

==== Additional Fyrebox Resources

https://www.fyrebox.com/?ref=2pLpjA8AZ[Sign up for Fyrebox]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/integration-spotlight-fyrebox[Sendlane
+ Fyrebox - Quizzes to Generate Leads and Engage Your Audience ]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/powerful-lead-magnets[6 Powerful
Lead Magnets Proven to Engage and Capture Leads]

'''''

=== TL;DR

https://www.fyrebox.com/news[]Fyrebox homepage → _Create a Quiz_ → Set
preferences → _Create_ → _Add an Application_ → Sendlane → Enter
Sendlane API Key, Hash Key, Subdomain → _TEST_ → _PREVIOUS: CONTENT_  →
Integrations ____→ Sendlane logo → _YES_ → Select List
