https://convertful.com/[Convertful] is a conversion optimization
platform that allows users to create powerful and beautiful sign-up
forms. Users can configure these forms with their own display and
targeting rules, resulting in increased high-quality traffic and greatly
improved conversion rates. 

With Convertful and Sendlane, you can collect lead information directly
from Convertful forms (such as Name and Email) and add them to your
Lists within Sendlane. You can also create custom fields to add for
further segmentation in Sendlane. Additionally, you will be able to add
Tags to the collected contacts.

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active
https://convertful.com/[Convertful account].

Please also have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_* → *_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Convertful knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

*Please Note:* To add tags via API, you'll need to make sure that your
Sendlane account is set up with single-opt in access (contact our
https://www.sendlane.com/contact-us[24/7 support team] to set this up!)

'''''

=== Connecting Convertful and Sendlane

. From the homepage of your Convertful account, choose the site you wish
to integrate Sendlane
with.image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f2ee042863534399354a/file-GInjRqi6Wy.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f2ee042863534399354a/file-GInjRqi6Wy]
. Select *_Integrations_* in the top menu bar, then click *_Add
Integration._*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f4cf042863534399356f/file-yHpotRrh25.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f4cf042863534399356f/file-yHpotRrh25]
. Select
*_Sendlane_* image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f5010428635343993573/file-HwMeiYOHUl.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f5010428635343993573/file-HwMeiYOHUl]
. Fill out your Sendlane API key, Hash key and subdomain, then click
*_Connect_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f551042863534399357a/file-bj2KwEEvWq.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f551042863534399357a/file-bj2KwEEvWq]
. Select which Sendlane list you would like contacts to be added to. You
can add tags as well for these new
contacts.image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f59b042863534399357f/file-smUQnFQWkW.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ce6f59b042863534399357f/file-smUQnFQWkW]
. Click *Save Changes* to finalize all of your edits

You’re all done! 

Now, when customers opt-in through a Convertful form, their information
will be automatically sent to the Sendlane list you’ve selected!

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to Convertful, so we are only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you need help, the
Convertful team is just a few clicks away! 

* Connect with the Convertful team and
https://app.convertful.com/tickets/[open a ticket]
* Visit the https://app.convertful.com/docs/[Convertful knowledge base]

==== Additional Convertful Resources

https://convertful.com/[Sign up for Convertful] |
https://app.convertful.com/docs/integrations/sendlane/[Convertful
Integration
Instructions]https://app.convertful.com/docs/integrations/sendlane/[]https://app.convertful.com/docs/integrations/sendlane/[]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/integration-spotlight-convertful[Sendlane
+ Convertful - The Ultimate On-Site List Builder]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/powerful-lead-magnets[6 Powerful
Lead Magnets Proven to Engage and Capture Leads ]

'''''

=== TL;DR

Convertful → My sites → Select Site → Integrations → Add Integration →
Select Sendlane → API Key, Hash Key, Sendlane Subdomain → Select List to
sync to/ Tags to add → Save Changes
