https://www.optimizepress.com/[OptimizePress] allows you to easily
create landing or sales pages within your WordPress dashboard. 

By integrating OptimizePress with Sendlane, you can effectively grow
your email list by adding the contacts you capture straight to a list in
Sendlane.

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active WordPress site
with the
https://help.optimizepress.com/article/1916-install-optimizepress-plugin-within-wordpress[OptimizePress
Plugin installed].

Please have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_ → *_*API*._

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so OptimizePress knows where to place
your new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting OptimizePress and Sendlane

. From your WordPress dashboard, go to *_OptimizePress3_* and click on
*_Integrations_*
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d4ae2c7d3a10cba90d0b/file-mUskxwG655.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d4ae2c7d3a10cba90d0b/file-mUskxwG655]
. Click on *_Add New
Integrationimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d56704286306f8054a5a/file-wBfffJAPk2.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d56704286306f8054a5a/file-wBfffJAPk2]_*
. Select *_Sendlane_* from the list of available integrations and enter
your *_API Key, Hash Key and Sendlane Subdomain_* in the respective
fields
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d5ad04286306f8054a5d/file-iHnsKeAQrA.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5ee9d5ad04286306f8054a5d/file-iHnsKeAQrA]
. Click *_Add New Integration_* and that's it.__ __Your integration is
now complete!

Captured contacts will now be automatically added to your chosen
Sendlane list.

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to OptimizePress, so we're only able to
provide limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help,
the OptimizePress team is just a few clicks away!

* https://optimizesupport.com/op3/[Submit a request]
* http://optimizepress.helpscoutdocs.com/collection/6-training-faqs[Visit
their FAQ page]

'''''

Additional OptimizePress Resources

Sign up for https://www.optimizepress.com/pricing/[OptimizePress] |
https://docs.optimizepress.com/category/2322-getting-started[Getting
Started Tutorial]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/converting-landing-pages[4 Design
Elements of Converting Landing Pages]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/powerful-lead-magnets[6 Powerful
Lead Magnets Proven to Engage & Capture Leads]

'''''

=== TL;DR

WordPress Dashboard → OptimizePress3 → Integrations → Add
Integration → Select Sendlane → Enter Sendlane API Key, Hash Key,
Subdomain → Add Integration 
