https://www.sticky.io/[Sticky.io] is a fully integrated eCommerce order
management and billing platform designed to work with any front-end
experience. 

Using Sticky.io and Sendlane, you can collect emails then seamlessly
transfer these to your Sendlane list of choice.

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an
https://www.sticky.io/[active Sticky.io account].

Please have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready as well. These can be found
in your Sendlane account under *_Account_ → **_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Sticky.io knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Sticky.io and Sendlane

. From your Sticky.io homepage, click *_Settings_* and
select *_Providers_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a4b72c7d3a7e9aea3d07/file-CZQ60zvwFB.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a4b72c7d3a7e9aea3d07/file-CZQ60zvwFB]
. Go to *_Actions_* and click on *_Add New Provider Profile_*
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a56b2c7d3a7e9aea3d14/file-NjDOawwrEt.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a56b2c7d3a7e9aea3d14/file-NjDOawwrEt]
. In the Provider Profile, choose *_Type: Auto-Responder/Email_*, and
then choose *_Sendlane_* from the drop-down in the _Provider_ field. In
the _Profile Information_ enter your API/Hash Keys and Sendlane
Subdomain +
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a61404286364bc97aee8/file-SwBTkhTIhg.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e85a61404286364bc97aee8/file-SwBTkhTIhg]
. Don't forget to *_Save_* when you are done. 

Your integration is now complete!

Contacts collected by Sticky.io will now automatically sync with your
List in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to Sticky.io, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help,
the Sticky.io team is just a few clicks away!

* Connect with the https://www.sticky.io/contact-us[Sticky.io Team]
(email or use the chat bubble to start a conversation!)
* Visit the Sticky.io https://support.sticky.io/en[Support Page]

'''''

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/sticky-io-sendlane-streamline-your-ecommerce-business-build-lasting-customer-relationships[Introducing
our Partnership With Sticky.io - Streamline Your eCommerce Business &
Build Lasting Customer Relationships]

'''''

=== TL;DR

Sticky.io homepage →  __Settings __→ _Actions_ →  __Add new provider
profile __→ _Type: Auto-Responder/Email_, __Sendlane __→ Enter API/Hash
Keys, Subdomain → _Save_
