link:++https://sendlaneaff--emarky.thrivecart.com/connectleads/++[Connectio]
allows you to leverage tools from both your Sendlane account and
Facebook Ads Manager together! 

The Connectio suite includes multiple Facebook marketing solutions,
including ConnectAudience and ConnectLeads:

* Using ConnectLeads and Sendlane, you can collect lead information
directly from FaceBook Lead Forms (such as Name and Email) and add them
to your
https://help.sendlane.com/knowledgebase/capturing-contacts/[lists]
within Sendlane. 
* Using ConnectAudience and Sendlane, you can display Facebook Ads to
contacts that have opened your emails. Plus, you can add
https://help.sendlane.com/knowledgebase/tags/[tags] to the collected
contacts!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active
link:++https://sendlaneaff--emarky.thrivecart.com/connectleads/++[Connectio
account].

Please also have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_ → **_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Connectio knows where to place your
new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Connectio and Sendlane

. Login to Connectio and click on your name (top right corner). Then,
navigate to *_Autoresponders_*
+
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53af1e04286364bc95c01c/file-N80WipGMkk.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53af1e04286364bc95c01c/file-N80WipGMkk]
. Next, select *_Sendlane_* from the drop-down menu and then enter _your
Sendlane URL_ (for ex: “https://test.sendlane.com”), _API/Hash Keys_,
_Name_ the integration and then click
_*Save*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b0cd04286364bc95c028/file-BvB6rmilQ2.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b0cd04286364bc95c028/file-BvB6rmilQ2]_
. {blank}
+
Now that the integration is set up, you can test it and make sure it's
good to go. To do that, click *_Manage Autoresponders_* at the top of
the page
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b21304286364bc95c03b/file-37etyMpBSH.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b21304286364bc95c03b/file-37etyMpBSH]
. Next, click on the __3 dots (...) __under _Actions_ then
select _*Test*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b2922c7d3a7e9ae82de5/file-vCq8uQ4X3l.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b2922c7d3a7e9ae82de5/file-vCq8uQ4X3l]_
. Fill out First and Last name, plus Email. Then, select which Sendlane
https://help.sendlane.com/knowledgebase/capturing-contacts/[list] they
should be added to, and click _*Add to
List*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b32d04286364bc95c045/file-WjwDid2uQX.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e53b32d04286364bc95c045/file-WjwDid2uQX]_
+
====== Please Note

For the integration _test_ to be successful, you'll need to make sure
that your Sendlane account is set up with single-opt in access (contact
our https://www.sendlane.com/contact-us[24/7 support team] to set this
up!)
. To check if it worked, view the list you selected inside your Sendlane
account and you should see the test information you added. If it's
there, it means your integration is successful and ready to be used!
Congrats, you’re done! 

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to Connectio, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you  _do_ need help,
the Connectio team is just a few clicks away!

* https://support.connectio.io/support/home[Connect] with their Support
Team
*  Visit the Connectio https://app.connectio.io/course/index/[Help
Center]

'''''

==== Additional Connectio Resources

link:++https://sendlaneaff--emarky.thrivecart.com/connectleads/++[Sign
up for Connectio] |
https://support.connectio.io/support/solutions/articles/4000075776-how-to-get-started-with-facebook-lead-ads-on-connectleads-[Get
Started]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/cross-channel-marketing-for-ecommerce[How
to Develop a Winning Cross-Channel Marketing Strategy For Your eCommerce
Business]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/8-ways-marketers-align-social-and-email[8
Ways Successful Marketers Align Their Social Media and Email Marketing
For Maximum Success ]

'''''

=== TL;DR

Login to Connectio → Go to your name (top right corner) → 
_Autoresponders_ → _Sendlane_ → Enter Sendlane URL, API and Hash
keys →  _Save_ 

Manage Autoresponders → Search for Sendlane, click _Test_ → Enter name,
email and select List → __Add to List__→ _check your Sendlane account_
