https://www.convertpro.net/?bsf=2497[Convert Pro] is a WordPress plugin
that provides an easy-to-use drag & drop editor to create
high-converting opt-in forms.

Integrating Convert Pro and Sendlane enables you to funnel contacts
captured by Convert Pro directly to your lists in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Prior to connecting with Sendlane, you'll need an active
https://www.convertpro.net/?bsf=2497[Convert Pro subscription] with the
plugin installed into WordPress.

Please also have your
https://help.sendlane.com/article/71-how-to-find-your-api-key-api-hash-key-and-subdomain[Sendlane
API Key&#44; Hash Key and Subdomain] ready. These can be found in your
Sendlane account under *_Account_* → *_API_*.

Last (but not least) be sure you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/125-creating-a-list[created a list]
inside of your Sendlane account, so Convert Pro knows where to place
your new leads and contacts!

'''''

=== Connecting Convert Pro and Sendlane

. From your WordPress dashboard, navigate to *_Convert Pro_* and select
*_Create
Newimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d092d602c7d3a1cad5b84fc/file-KQhzXrRv1n.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5d092d602c7d3a1cad5b84fc/file-KQhzXrRv1n]_*
. Select your call-to-action type. For this demo, we'll select *_Modal
Popup_*
. Select a template and name your popup
. You will be directed to the Pop Up editor. Click on *_Form_* and
insert a field for emails
. Select *_3. __Connect_* from the top
menuimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedabb70428632d9eec07fd/file-XvwPGZUxbE.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedabb70428632d9eec07fd/file-XvwPGZUxbE]
. Select *_Sendlane_* from the list of
applicationsimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedac042c7d3a32d2a4e74f/file-N1MdgvVCAT.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedac042c7d3a32d2a4e74f/file-N1MdgvVCAT]
. Name your integration, enter your API/Hash keys as well as your
Sendlane Subdomain, and click
*_Authenticate_*image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedacc92c7d3a32d2a4e758/file-kyeAmRZMtl.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedacc92c7d3a32d2a4e758/file-kyeAmRZMtl]
. Select the list you want the pop up to integrate with, as well as any
tags you want assigned to your contacts +
image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedad502c7d3a32d2a4e75d/file-ENX9ZWpzID.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5cedad502c7d3a32d2a4e75d/file-ENX9ZWpzID]
. Click *_Next_*, *_Save_*, and then toggle to make public at the top
right of the page

Your Integration is now complete!

Captured contacts from your Convert Pro will now be synced with your
selected list in Sendlane!

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

This integration is native to Convert Pro, so we're only able to provide
limited troubleshooting support. However, if you _do_ need help, the
Convert Pro team is just a few clicks away!

* Connect with the https://www.convertpro.net/contact/[Convert Pro team]
* Submit a https://www.convertpro.net/support/submit-a-ticket/[support
ticket]

'''''

=== Additional Convert Pro Resources

https://www.convertpro.net/?bsf=2497[Sign Up for Convert Pro] |
https://www.convertpro.net/blog/[Blog]

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/powerful-lead-magnets[6 Powerful
Lead Magnets Proven to Engage and Capture Leads]
* https://www.sendlane.com/blog-posts/converting-landing-pages[4 Design
Elements of Converting Landing Pages]

'''''

=== TL;DR

Login to WordPress →  _Convert Pro_ → ** _Create New_ → Select
call-to-action type → Click _Form_ and insert email field →
_Connect_ → _Sendlane_ → Enter Subdomain / API / Hash →
_AUTHENTICATE_ → Select List/Tags → _Next_** **→ _Save_ → Toggle on
