Take advantage of Sendlane's deep-data integration with BigCommerce to
use the valuable data collected in your BigCommerce store to target your
Sendlane Audience with hyper-relevant email and SMS marketing content!

[[bgs]]
===== 🚦 Before Getting Started

 Follow
https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Getting-Started-with-the-New-Control-Panel[BigCommerce's
guide] to setting up your BigCommerce Store.

 Contact your Customer Success Manager or our 24/7 product support team
to request single opt-in status for your Sendlane account.

[[complete-integration]]
===== 🚨 Installation must be completed all at once

If you do not complete the entire installation process at the same time,
you may have to uninstall and re-install the Sendlane app from the
https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/search/?search=sendlane[BigCommerce app
marketplace]

[[sync-date]]
===== 🚨 90 days of customer data will be synced upon installation

When you install BigCommerce, all customers with any activity
(subscribed, ordered) within the last 90 days will be synced and added
as Contacts in your Sendlane account subscribed to email content.

1::
  Once your BigCommerce store is set up, click the *Sendlane app* in the
  https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/search/?search=sendlane[BigCommerce
  app marketplace] then click *Get This App* > *Log in* to be redirected
  to your BigCommerce account.
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/62730f40a65f844e77f8935b/file-LUsnUzPagw.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/62730f40a65f844e77f8935b/file-LUsnUzPagw]Click
  *Install* > *Confirm*, then log in to your existing Sendlane account
  or create a new Sendlane account!
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6273117ded262d106f73ec4b/file-68EYn7aVmz.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6273117ded262d106f73ec4b/file-68EYn7aVmz]
  +
  Set up a https://help.sendlane.com/article/107-senders[*Sender
  Profile*] for your BigCommerce integration, then click *Next* to
  complete installation. Click *Launch* to go to your Sendlane
  dashboard!
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/627310eec5cfff5d83fcd253/file-LzURxkQw4s.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/627310eec5cfff5d83fcd253/file-LzURxkQw4s]

2::
  To confirm default lists and other settings in your BigCommerce
  integration, click the *Integrations* icon > *BigCommerce* >
  *Configure* > *Manage*
  +
  * *Choose your default lists* Select List to sync new, newsletter, and
  abandoned cart BigCommerce Contacts to
  ** *Optional Checkbox* Automatically remove Contacts from your
  abandoned cart list when they make a purchase
  * *Assign contact email addresses from* Select a customer address to
  assign Contacts' email addresses from
  +
  image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6273139d9fcefa46a68cbacf/file-D93MfcHPl3.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6273139d9fcefa46a68cbacf/file-D93MfcHPl3]

[[sms-consent]]
===== ⏭  Next Steps

Check out our
https://help.sendlane.com/article/471-how-to-collect-consent-for-sms-messaging-with-bigcommerce[guide
to collecting consent to receive SMS marketing content] from your
customers at checkout!

[[multiple-logins]]
===== 🙋 How do I connect multiple BigCommerce stores to my Sendlane account?

If you have two BigCommerce stores under one login, your stores are both
connected to Sendlane.

[[troubleshooting"]]
=== Troubleshooting

[[abandoned-install]]
====== I'm getting an error when I try to install the Sendlane app from the BigCommerce Marketplace!

....
{"error":{"message":"App not found. Already uninstalled, access denied, or incomplete setup. Please uninstall first to try again"}}
....

This error has two possible causes:

. *Navigating Away From App During Installation* To fix this, uninstall
and re-install the Sendlane app from the
https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/search/?search=sendlane[BigCommerce app
marketplace] making sure to complete the entire process
. *Third Party Cookies Are Disabled* To fix this, make sure your
browser's third party cookies are enabled

====== I see my Sendlane dashboard in BigCommerce, but I don't see the BigCommerce integration installed in Sendlane!

You may have navigated away from the installation process before it was
completed. To fix this, uninstall and re-install the Sendlane app from
the https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/search/?search=sendlane[BigCommerce
app marketplace].

[[403]]
====== I'm getting a 403 Forbidden error!

Review
https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/apps/guide/best-practices#respect-api-rate-limits[BigCommerce's
API rate limits] for your BigCommerce plan. `+403 Forbidden+` errors are
generally caused by exceeding your BigCommerce plan's API rate limit.

[[unsubscribed-purchasers]]
====== Contacts are showing as Unsubscribed right after they make an order!!

If your BigCommerce checkout page pre-selects the marketing email opt-in
checkbox, Contacts who uncheck the newsletter email opt-in box during
checkout will be unsubscribed from the List attached to your BigCommerce
integration as soon as checkout is complete.

[[no-order-data]]
====== I don't see order data coming into Sendlane!

Missing order data can usually be solved by re-syncing your BigCommerce
integration. Pause your BigCommerce Automations to avoid oversending,
then follow the steps in our
https://help.sendlane.com/article/487-how-to-re-sync-an-integration[guide
to Re-syncing Integrations].

[[no-profile-data]]
====== I don't see Contact profile data coming into Sendlane!

This error has two possible causes:

. Your Sendlane account has double opt-in turned on. Reach out to our
24/7 product support team or your Customer Success Manager to request
single opt-in.

If you've deleted the List associated with your BigCommerce integration,
you need to choose a replacement List. Follow the steps below to replace
your integration's associated List and reach out to our 24/7 product
support team or your Customer Success Manager if the problem persists!

*Integrations* page > *BigCommerce* > *Configure* > *Manage* > Select a
new *List* > *Save*

image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6202ab6a68cd260cc2d38fcb/file-RgE2Cva43M.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6202ab6a68cd260cc2d38fcb/file-RgE2Cva43M]
