If you have
https://help.sendlane.com/article/433-authenticating-a-sending-domain[authenticated
your sending domain], you have a new option for providing even more
assurance to your audience that your emails are from you and are not
being spoofed! BIMI allows you to display a logo inside
https://bimigroup.org/bimi-infographic/[participating inbox providers]
to prove that emails sent from your domain originated with your
business.

===== ðŸ™‹ What is BIMI?

_Brand Indicators for Message Identification or BIMI (pronounced:
Bih-mee) is an emerging email specification that enables the use of
brand-controlled logos within supporting email clients. BIMI leverages
the work an organization has put into deploying DMARC protection, by
bringing brand logos to the customerâ€™s inbox. For the brandâ€™s logo to be
displayed, the email must pass DMARC authentication checks, ensuring
that the organizationâ€™s domain has not been impersonated._

https://bimigroup.org/faqs-for-senders-esps/?#FAQ_1[BIMI FAQs For
Marketers and ESPs]

BIMI is set up entirely outside of Sendlane. Google is a partner in the
BIMI and has published
https://support.google.com/a/answer/10911320?hl=en&ref_topic=10911234&sjid=9745827376117470908-NA[an
extensive guide to authenticating your domain with a BIMI record]. We
recommend following their guide to ensure you get the most up to date
information.

Below is a general outline of the process for setting up BIMI to give
you an idea of the steps you'll need to complete. Please follow
https://support.google.com/a/answer/10911320?hl=en&ref_topic=10911234&sjid=9745827376117470908-NA[Google's
guide] when you begin working on your own BIMI set up.

. Implement DMARC, DKIM, and SPF by
https://help.sendlane.com/article/433-authenticating-a-sending-domain[authenticating
a sending domain]
. Trademark your brand's logo
. Apply for a
https://support.google.com/a/answer/10911028?hl=en[Verified Mark
Certificate]
. Ensure the image you use for your BIMI logo meets
https://bimigroup.org/creating-bimi-svg-logo-files/[BIMI's
specifications]
. Create a https://support.google.com/a/answer/10911321?hl=en[BIMI TXT
record] in your DNS

If you have questions about BIMI, please
https://bimigroup.org/contact-us/[contact the BIMI group].
