An RSS (aka Really Simple Syndication) Feed is an easy way to share the
most up-to-date content you've published on your blog or website.

With Sendlane, you have access to a built-in email feed that you can use
to send newsletter updates to your audience -- automatically!

In this article we'll cover:

* link:#link[linking your feed to a campaign]
* link:#build[building an RSS-based campaign]

'''''

=== Before Getting Started

Please be sure you have an active
https://rss.com/blog/how-to-create-an-rss-feed/[RSS feed set up], and
know the URL for that feed.

'''''

[[link]]
=== Linking an RSS Feed to a Campaign

. Click *_New Campaign_* inside of the _Campaigns_ tab
. Enter a name for your campaign and check the *RSS Feed*
boximage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5f470c95c9e77c0016eb1f0a/file-NLZNcMRCvj.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5f470c95c9e77c0016eb1f0a/file-NLZNcMRCvj]
. Choose the format of your feed (either RSS or JSON) and enter the
URLimage:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e7d14992c7d3a7e9ae9dd57/file-cCQ4xb5529.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5e7d14992c7d3a7e9ae9dd57/file-cCQ4xb5529]
. Click *_Next: Audience_* to continue the process of building your
campaign, and move on to the next section!

'''''

[[build]]
=== Building an RSS-Based Campaign

With the Sendlane RSS feed reader, you can display the following
properties for each post: +

* title
* description
* content
* image - html <img> tag
* image_url
* author
* link
* date

RSS works in both of our email builder formats (drag-and-drop or HTML)
and uses the same syntax. To implement this, when inside of the Email
Builder drag an HTML block into your email:

image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5f90b23746e0fb001798f5be/file-zLQLvxGpNt.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/5f90b23746e0fb001798f5be/file-zLQLvxGpNt]

Next, place the code necessary for printing the proper attributes you
want to display inside the HTML content block. Below we have listed all
of the available attributes to choose from.

===== Printing Details of a Single Post

_Use ‘.0’ for the first post, ‘.1’ for the second post, etc. in the
following syntax (keeping only the items you need):_

\{\{ RSS.items.0.title }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.description }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.content }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.image }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.image_url }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.author }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.link }}

\{\{ RSS.items.0.date }}

===== Printing a Loop of Posts

_Use the following syntax (keeping only the items you need):_

\{% for item in RSS.items %}

    \{\{ item.title }}

    \{\{ item.description }}

    \{\{ item.content }}

    \{\{ item.image }}

    \{\{ item.image_url }}

    \{\{ item.author }}

    \{\{ item.link }}

    \{\{ item.date }}

\{% endfor %}

====== Please Note

By default, the feed grabs up to 20 items, but this limit can be
increased if needed.

===== Slicing Your Content

To only print 3 items instead of 5, use the ‘slice’ command:

\{% for post in JSON|slice(0,3) %}

===== Randomizing Your Content

To pick a few "random" posts from your feed:

\{% set post1, post2 = random(9), random(9) %}

\{\{ RSS.items[post1].title }}

\{\{ RSS.items[post1].image }}

\{\{ RSS.items[post2].title }}

\{\{ RSS.items[post2].image }}

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

* *Email Builder Errors* - Check your HTML code! It could be that
there's a typo, a formatting error, or something as simple as a tag that
wasn't closed!
* *Content isn't displaying as expected* - Are you reviewing
a _Completed_ campaign? RSS feed content displays in the Preview (before
sending) as well as once the email lands in your inbox, but you'll see
the HTML code when viewing a _Completed_ campaign from inside of your
Sendlane account.
* *Images appearing as links* - It's possible that when you use
enclosure tags to display images, you will see a link to where the image
is hosted instead. Please make sure your web developer sets up your feed
to show each item's image using <media:content> RSS tags. Please
https://www.rssboard.org/media-rss[click here] to see how to set up your
feed.

If you hit any other roadblocks, you can get in touch with our team of
email marketing automation experts mailto:support@sendlane.com[right
here]!

'''''

=== TL;DR

Before You Get Started →
https://rss.com/blog/how-to-create-an-rss-feed/[RSS Feed Set Up]

[.underline]#Linking Your Feed To A Campaign:# → Go to New Campaign
inside Campaigns Tab → Enter name for Campaign and check the RSS Feed
box → Choose the format of your Feed (RSS or JSON) → Enter URL → Click
Next: Audience & Continue

[.underline]#Building An RSS-Based Campaign:# → Choose the Properties
you want to Display and Choose how you want to Display them
