==== Overview

Klaviyo allows email addresses collected by eCommerce integrations like
Shopify to collect email addresses from purchasers who did not opt into
email marketing consent. These contacts are given a status of "Never
Subscribed." Read on to learn more about how to manage these contacts in
Sendlane.

==== In this guide

* link:#when[When are contacts considered "never subscribed"?]
* link:#can[Can I send to contacts with a "never subscribed" status?]
* link:#exclude[How to exclude contacts with a "never subscribed" status
from Campaigns]

'''''

[[when]]
=== When are contacts considered "never subscribed"?

https://help.klaviyo.com/hc/en-us/articles/115005246968#h_01HCCXMXMZ09DAKSHPWYR2G41S[According
to Klaviyo], contacts are considered "never subscribed" when they are
brought into Klaviyo after "general engagement":

There are certain methods of adding a profile to Klaviyo that will
result in consent status of Never Subscribed, with a yellow checkmark.
If a profile has Never Subscribed, and is also not a member of any
lists, they were likely added to Klaviyo due to general engagement with
your brand.

For example, this can include profiles synced through certain
third-party integrations, or customers that started a checkout without
subscribing on your ecommerce platform. 

[[can]]
=== Can I send email to contacts with a "never subscribed" status?

After importing contacts from Klaviyo, you may want to send email to
contacts with a "never subscribed" status. "Never subscribed" contacts
are not automatically prevented from receiving email from your Sendlane
account. Klaviyo advises that these contacts "are eligible for campaign
and flow emails, but we recommend exercising caution when contacting
them. Make sure you’re only sending them emails you know they’ll be
interested in, like abandoned cart flow messages or followup information
from a recent order."

We highly recommend creating a segment for never subscribed contacts and
excluding that segment from most, if not all, Campaigns.

[[can]]
=== Can I send SMS to contacts with a "never subscribed" status?

The "never subscribed" status applies to email only. No contacts are
imported with a "never subscribed" status for SMS. Contacts without
affirmative SMS consent recorded in their contact profile in Sendlane
are automatically prevented from receiving SMS messages.

[[exclude]]
=== How to exclude contacts with a "never subscribed" status from Campaigns

https://help.sendlane.com/article/137-segments#creating-segment[Create a
segment] with a condition of Email Consent = Never Subscribed. Add this
segment to the
https://help.sendlane.com/article/153-campaigns#c-a["don't send" section
of the audience setup] for email
campaigns.image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6606efa96b58437311e412a7/file-VBLo6pzuWH.png[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/6606efa96b58437311e412a7/file-VBLo6pzuWH]
