==== Overview

Sendlane is a permission-based platform. Our ultimate goal is to help
you develop a strong email marketing strategy that allows you to send
targeted content to people who actively want to receive it. List review
helps ensure that your content goes to contacts who want to receive it.
Read on to learn about list review and campaign manual approval!

'''''

=== What is list review?

When you import a list, the Sendlane Compliance team reviews it to
determine the engagement of the included contacts and confirm that they
are actively engaged with your content. This process is called list
review and takes place from 9AM to 5PM PST, Monday through Friday. Your
list will be reviewed in the order it was received, generally within 24
hours.

=== What is campaign manual approval?

Once our Compliance team approves an imported list, you can send one
email to that new set of contacts. The first email you send will be
released slowly to a small segment of your new audience to monitor their
engagement.

On the campaigns page, you'll see a red flag icon that indicates list
review _:_

image:https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/64da7488422535774ad18e8a/file-QGHJx26ZCf.gif[https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/5cd30c272c7d3a177d6e82b7/images/64da7488422535774ad18e8a/file-QGHJx26ZCf]

As long as the campaign meets the necessary engagement standards, that
specific audience will be fully ready to receive your messages going
forward!

====== ⚠️The first 3-5 campaign sends to a new audience must be manually approved by Sendlane's compliance team

Your list review status will be removed depending on your campaigns'
engagement metrics (open rate and click rate). Contact your Customer
Success Manager or reply to the email you receive from our Compliance
team for more information.

'''''

=== Troubleshooting

[[schedule-send]]
====== Why can't I send or schedule campaigns?

Any pending emails (Draft, Sending, or Stopped) cannot include an
audience under list review. 

[[stuck]]
====== Why does it look like my campaign is stuck?

The list review process may take *24 hours or more* to complete,
depending on the size of your audience and their level of engagement
with your first email.

'''''

==== Additional Sendlane Resources

* https://www.sendlane.com/blog/why-list-hygiene-is-the-key-ingredient-for-increased-email-engagement-success[Why
list Hygiene is the Key Ingredient For Increased Email Engagement and
Success]
